c:\users\ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\firstMVC.dll.config
c:\users\ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\firstMVC.dll
c:\users\ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\firstMVC.pdb
c:\users\ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\obj\Debug\firstMVC.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\obj\Debug\firstMVC.dll
c:\users\ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\obj\Debug\firstMVC.pdb
C:\Users\Ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Ismayil\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\firstMVC\firstMVC\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
